Jimmy Carter came through
tap through this institution to
help us in our jury
the new exhibit countdown to
zero is all about
parasites right down and the
ratification a parasite
so I was like no one whether
people like presidents and other
shorter
people hi station in life that
are not otherwise scientist
I was 10 is their science in
them somewhere
yes they carry some kinda secret
credentials
we don't otherwise no let's find
out with President Jimmy Carter
Mr freshman year
college hours the laboratory
assistant for the
person aged of astronomy she
heard early to a cosmic baptism
why did it happen in a bit too
so I learned how to navigate you
know we're just from the stars
a hot her you're now and was
just got their GPS
you know you I told and my day
we could actually be
all-weather I would ownership
with my family Christmas and a
yeah I S every palate sectional
boys yes we have one
and I'm really glad k hey there
could never happen lol
dunno but we have will have
special a break glass if
necessary a writer
in apocalyptic her employer but
I must say I
arm how would you say that
you're knowledgeable
math or science in college and
high school has that
influenced your your politics
not
what I mean is probability that
think about world problems
well our I was an engineer
outnumbered a nuclear physicist
yesterday I was sent in charge a
bill in the second atomic
submarine
trusted pant fit physics in
and then are a course when I
went into politics being an
engineer are
you a plan things that make you
think differently from the other
party I think in a way you do
anything different from a lawyer
or
a doctor or something like that
and so most of congress
lawyers rights group reportedly
a really difference with
inhalation aerosol pharmacia
I